Add toLiteral function (#4664)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/custom_template_functions.adoc

* <<toInt-function,toInt function>>
* <<toBool-function,toBool function>>
* <<protect-function,protect function>>

> * <<toliteral-function,toLiteral function>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<toliteral-function,_toLiteral_ function>>
```

To force an immediate rotation, delete the `policy.open-cluster-management.io/last-rotated` annotation on the `policy-encryption-key` Secret in the managed cluster namespace on the hub cluster. Policies are then reprocessed to use the new encryption key. 

[#toliteral-function]
=== _toLiteral_ function

> The `toLiteral` function removes any quotation marks around the template string after it is processed. You can use this function to convert a JSON string from a ConfigMap field to a JSON stored in the manifest. Run the following function to remove quotation marks from the `key` parameter value:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `toLiteral` function removes any quotation marks around the template string after it is processed. You can use this function to convert a JSON string from a ConfigMap field to a JSON value in the manifest. Run the following function to remove quotation marks from the `key` parameter value:
```

> The `toLiteral` function removes any quotation marks around the template string after it is processed. You can use this function to convert a JSON string from a ConfigMap field so it can be used as the initial JSON in the manifest. Run the following command to remove quotation marks from the `key` parameter value:

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't consider it a command since it's a template function.

```suggestion
The `toLiteral` function removes any quotation marks around the template string after it is processed. You can use this function to convert a JSON string from a ConfigMap field to JSON stored in the manifest. Run the following function to remove quotation marks from the `key` parameter value:
```

To force an immediate rotation, delete the `policy.open-cluster-management.io/last-rotated` annotation on the `policy-encryption-key` Secret in the managed cluster namespace on the hub cluster. Policies are then reprocessed to use the new encryption key. 

[#toliteral-function]

> === toLiteral function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== _toLiteral_ function
```

Author: updated all of the sections @oafischer

> The `toLiteral` function removes any quotation marks around the template string after it is processed. You can update JSON strings from your hub cluster template. Run the following command to remove quotation marks from the `key` parameter value:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `toLiteral` function removes any quotation marks around the template string after it is processed. This can be useful to convert a JSON string from a ConfigMap field to be directly treated as the underlying JSON in the manifest. Use the following policy template to remove quotation marks from the `key` parameter value:
```

Author: @mprahl Thanks for the suggestion ! How about this:

This can be useful to convert a JSON string from a ConfigMap field to be directly treated as the initial JSON in the manifest. Use the ...

Reviewer 3: Another option: You can use this function to convert a JSON string from a ConfigMap field so it can be used as the underlying JSON in the manifest.

Author: Updated

----

> key: "{{ "[10.10.10.10, 1.1.1.1]" | toLiteral }}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
key: '{{ "[\"10.10.10.10\", \"1.1.1.1\"]" | toLiteral }}'
```

----

After using the `toLiteral` function, the following update is displayed:

----

> key: [10.10.10.10, 1.1.1.1]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
key: ["10.10.10.10", "1.1.1.1"]
```
